Dear communicators
Let's read a relationship center
Malaga on this meeting conclusions
succinct of respectful and frank meeting
with the attorney general doctor
eduardo montealegre approximations
the democratic center supports proposals
of Mr. Attorney General as the double
judicial instance for cases in the
which there is also support
guarantee court that is understood
as an intermediate step between the
accusation of the accused and the initiation
of the trial in both projects we asked
for the members of the forces
armed forces that have retroactivity in the
double instance and intervention
retroactive and mandatory court
of guarantees
discrepancies and expressed by the center
democratic
the absence of jail and the eligibility
policy to the terrorist leaders
stimulates the growth of violence
denies Colombians real peace and
allows the aggressors of the
democracy be the representatives
politicians of society with all the
the risk that this implies for
liberties
the expansion of political crime to
atrocious crimes such as drug trafficking and
kidnapping allows impunity and
triumph of the oppressors of the community
against the oppressed or victims of
these crimes
will consider kidnapping as retention
is to reward the kidnapper and ignore
the magnitude of the pain of victims of
this is the execrable crit of the inc
it is recalled that between 1998 and 2003
Farc terrorist was responsible for 14
1,674 kidnappings during the two years
of dialogue has accumulated 59 kidnappings of
civilians
we also express to the prosecutor
general our concern about a cessation
bilateral with the farc terrorist group
this would imply suspending the action of
the public force in pursuit of
security of citizens and in
scientific consequence would a state
of unconstitutional things
We reiterate the need to cease
unilateral criminal activity by
part of the farc with the possibility of
that those members who are
find in colombia be located in
a site under the protection of
institutional forces Mr. fiscal
general agreement is necessary in principle
with this last alternative
We thank the Attorney General
doctor eduardo montealegre the space of
dialogue that has allowed us